[FAB-16895] Move ledger benchmark tests from fabric-test repo (#498)
hyperledger/fabric: core/ledger/kvledger/benchmark/README.md

# Ledger Benchmark Tests

> This readme explains the working and the usage of Benchmarks in this package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This readme explains the Benchmarks in this package and how to run them.
```

> - What is the Ledger Benchmark tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- What are the Ledger Benchmark tests
```

- How to Run the Tests

> ## What is the Ledger Benchmark tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What are the Ledger Benchmark tests
```

> The Ledger Benchmark tests provides a way to measure performance of the Ledger

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ledger Benchmark tests provide a way to measure the performance of the Ledger
```

component with a flexible and controlled workload. These benchmarks short-circuit

> the chaincode and directly use transaction simulator. Also, for block creation,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
chaincode go directly to the transaction simulator. Also, for block creation,
```
